# Team Meeting
### Date: Nov 11, 2021. 5:00pm - 5:40pm
### Meeting method: zoom

#### Attendence:
David <br>
Dzhangir <br>
Jeremy <br>
Niya <br>
Richard <br>
Ryan Hero <br>
Will Liao <br>

#### Agenda:
1. CI/CD Update
2. Discuss ADRs
3. Sprint Review
4. Sprint Retrospective

#### Leftover from last meeting:
N/A

#### New dishes in this meeting:
1. new CI/CD update: We will use eslint to lint code, which is a built in text editor. CSSLint is optional
2. Update from teammates
   1. David -recipe card main page
   2. Jeremy -set up recipe card grid -difficulties: css for the grid of recipe card
   3. No one is working on single recipe page
   4. Dzhangir and Ryan CI/CD
3. More issues coming out after meeting, pls finish them as much as possible before the Mob coding session on Sunday
4. ADR
   1. Local Storage 
      * pros -easy to implement -clear (key-value pair)
      * cons -no inter-connection and interactions between users
   2. Using multiple HTML pages
      * pros -tasks can be distributed easily -easy to implement (copy and paste)
      * cons -deal with routers
   3. Use airbnb standard for ESLint
   4. Mob and pair programming
5. Sprint review
   1. Recorded in the google doc 

#### Task assigned:
1. Dzhangir: further develop CI/CD pipeline
2. Niya: Format ADR discussion

#### Comments & Questions:
 
##### Project Timeline

##### Any Decisions?
